# O3DE Marketing Committee Meeting: 10/25/2021

## Agenda

Marketing needs for 1/27 point release (21.11.2):
- Blog posts

o3de.org:
- Site support needs (Server-based search, analytics)
- Content performance tracking/reporting

Sig-Release requests Marketing Committee requirements for 1/27 point release:
- [(Planning) Ensure O3DE Marketing requirements are identified](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/6755)

Addressing social media complaints:
- "Stable" build may not be an accurate description.

Language clarity and expansiveness in responding to user questions:
- Communication standards for O3DE leadership.
- How will O3DE utilize Discord for user support?

## Notes

Blog post procedure:
- Identify or create repo for blog posts that are in-progress.
- Amazon Community Manager will be able to assist/manage the blog pipeline.
- Create issues per blog post for community visibility, from inception to publication.
- (Decision) 'Rev the Engine' blog post will be decoupled from point release. 
  - Feb 4th - Draft available for review publicly.
  - Feb 21st - PR to o3de.org repo.  Available for review and editing for ~1 week.
  - Feb 28th - Approximate date of blog post going live.
  
o3de.org site analytics:
- Data must be shared publicly.
- Process for submitting a budget request:
  - Create an RFP issue in the marketing committee repo, notifying chairs and Royal.
  - After Community consensus re: budget request is achieved, proposal is brought by Royal to board.
  
Release requirements:
- (Decision) Marketing Committee will drive the intent behind release naming.
- (Decision) 1/17 Meeting will be held to decide upon naming conventions.

Communication standards for O3DE leadership:
- Amazon Community Manager will be able to assist/manage with processes.

Records of decision:
- BenG proposes incorporating 'records of decision' into marketing processes.

## Action Items

- Identify blog posts that are currently in-progress (Doug). 
- Lee to share upcoming UI/UX blog posts with Doug.
- Create RFP request for funding analytics solutions (Doug).
- Incorporate information on service providers (and intermediary data formats) to analytics budget request (Ben).
- Prior to 1/17 Meeting on release naming, review current GH discussions on topic (All). [O3DE Release naming thread](https://github.com/o3de/community/discussions/109)
- Create GH thread to discuss other marketing requirements for releases in general (JoeB).
- Create GH thread for Moderator/Leadership guidelines (Royal). [How to best respond to community questions](https://github.com/o3de/community/discussions/110)
